The President: Hi everybody.
Over the past seven years,
we haven't just been
recovering from crisis,
we've been rebuilding our
economy on a new foundation
for growth - growth that
benefits everybody, not just
folks at the top.
Our businesses have created
jobs for 73 straight months
- 14.4 million new jobs in
all.
We've covered another 20
million Americans with
health insurance.
We've helped more Americans
afford college,
and invested in industries
that create good jobs that
pay well, like clean energy.
And wages are finally rising
again.
But there will always be
more work to do.
And this week, my
Administration took two big
steps that will help make
sure your hard work is
rewarded, and that everybody
plays by the same rules.
First, we're helping more
Americans retire with
security and dignity.
Right now, if you go to a
retirement advisor for
investment advice, some of
them don't have to act in
your best interest.
Instead of telling you the
best way to save your
hard-earned money, these
advisors can get backdoor
payments from big companies
for steering you toward
investments that cost more
and earn you less.
As a result, when you
retire,
you might be missing out on
tens of thousands of dollars
- because your advisor got
paid more to give you bad
advice.
If that seems wrong, that's
because it is.
That's why the Department of
Labor just finalized a rule
to crack down on these kinds
of conflicts of interest.
And a lot of Wall Street
special interests aren't
very happy about it.
But across the country, this
new rule will boost working
folks' retirement savings by
billions of dollars a year.
And it will level the
playing field for the many
good advisors who do work in
their clients' best
interest.
Second, the Treasury
Department took action to
crack down on big
corporations that change
their address overseas after
acquiring smaller companies,
in order to reduce their tax
bill here at home.
It's a loophole called
"corporate inversion."
And it means that American
companies can take advantage
of America's technology,
America's infrastructure,
America's workers
- but then,
when it comes to paying
their fair share of taxes,
suddenly claim they're not
American companies after all.
That's why, this week, the
Treasury Department made it
more difficult for companies
to exploit this loophole and
stick the rest of us with
the tab.
Together, these steps build
on the work we've already
done to make our tax code
fairer and consumer
protections stronger.
Because I believe that
rather than double down on
policies that allow a few at
the top to play by their own
rules, we should build an
economy where everybody has
a fair shot, everybody does
their fair share,
and everybody plays by the
same set of rules.
That's what this country is
all about.
That's what we've been
working toward these past
seven years.
And that's what I'm going to
keep fighting for as long as
I'm your President.
Thanks everybody.
Have a great weekend.